Update the teams documentation (#46)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/admin/teams/index.md

{{< img src="teams.png" alt="Teams" >}}

In the teams table, you can visualize the team name, and the number of associated users, artifacts and simulations.
You can also copy the team id by clicking on the {{< icon clipboard >}} icon.

### Team

To create a team, click on the **Create** button.

{{< img src="create-team.png" alt="Creating a team" caption="Creating a team" >}}

> You can edit the team by clicking on the {{< icon pencil-alt >}} icon and delete them using the checkboxes on the table's right part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit a team, click on the {{< icon pencil-alt >}} icon. To delete a team, select it using the checkbox on the left of the table and click on the **Delete** button.
```
